# PatQA
This data-set consists of 32273 patient-questions (June 2006 to January 2019) on "Alcohol-Consumption Issues" from https://patient.info/forums.  The data is released for non-commercial research use.


@Article{Jelodar2020, journal="Journal of Medical Systems", issn="1573-689X", volume="44", year="2020", title=" A Collaborative Framework Based for Semantic Patients-Behavior Analysis and Highlight Topics Discovery of Alcoholic Beverages in Online Healthcare Forums", abstract="Medical data in online groups and social media contain valuable information, which is provided by both healthcare professionals and patients. In fact, patients can talk freely and share their personal experiences. These resources are a valuable opportunity for health professionals who can access patients’ opinions, as well as discussions between patients. Recently, the data processing of the health community and, how to extract knowledge is a significant technical challenge. There are many online group and forums that users can discuss on healthcare issues. Therefore, we can examine these text documents for discovering knowledge and evaluating patients’ behavior based on their opinions and discussions. For example, there are many questions and answering groups on Twitter or Facebook. Given the importance of the research, in this paper, we present a semantic framework based on topic model (LDA) and Random forest(RF) to predict and retrieval latent topics of healthcare text-documents from an online forum. We extract our healthcare records (patient-questions) from patient.info website as a real dataset. Experiments on our dataset show that social media forums could help for detecting significant patient safety problems on healthcare issues.", author="Jelodar, Hamed and et al", pages="1--14", DOI= https://doi.org/10.1007/s10916-020-01547-0 }

